Add offchain docs (#133)
cartesi/rollups: offchain/dispatcher/README.md

# Dispatcher

This service generates rollups inputs from state changes in the blockchain detected by the state-server.
These inputs are sent to the broker to be eventually used by the advance-runner.

> The dispatcher also submits rollups claims consumed from the broker to the blockchain via the state-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dispatcher also submits rollups claims consumed from the broker to the blockchain using the tx-manager crate.
```
